I’d like to open a bank account.
But attention to detail is the director's trademark.
She was woken early this morning by a burglar alarm.
an electric light bulb
The country’s tourist industry should switch away from package holidays towards more up-market ‘cultural’ tourism.
Karen smiled with enthusiasm at the car-like steering wheel of the boat.
With voice mail, if a guest is out, callers can leave recorded messages rather than be put through again to a hotel operator.
A week's multi-activity holiday based at a youth hostel costs around £120-£130.
I would have needed an air traffic control centre to keep track of where everyone was at any given moment.
Have you discussed birth control with your daughter?


bank account
trademark
burglar alarm
light bulb
package holiday
steering wheel
voice mail
youth hotel
air traffic control
birth control


She put some disinfectant on a piece of cotton wool and dabbed it on her cheek.
It is available by mail order from Green Life Products.
They can emphasise the danger of a new arms race.
He tells me that they had a discussion in school about the generation gap.
Many women do hard manual labour.
a shortage of skilled labor
Out of Minnesota’s labor force of 2.1 million, only 110,000 are reckoned to be earning the minimum wage.
In 1979, Stanley Barrett broke the sound barrier on land.
Our only concern is the children’s welfare.
Britain’s National Health Service is a major feature of its welfare state.
We are hoping for full participation at grass roots level.
Community leaders are working to improve race relations in the city.
If you're suffering from holiday diarrhoea, you've probably got food poisoning.

cotton wool
mail order
arms race
generation gap
labour
labour force
sound barrier
welfare
welfare state
grass roots
race relations
food poisoning


It is a good sound bite, but it is not any better for hearing it the second time.
Japan’s strong economic ties with Taiwan.
Blood / family ties have been weakened by older people living apart from their children.
Some semaphores still survive - at Caersws and the Llanidloes Road level crossing.
Children are forced into the rat race for higher salary and prestige.

sound bite
tie
blood tie
level crossing
the rat race

