Need a good current account with the best interest rates and a guaranteed overdraft facility. Pop into one of our branches.

Need to raise money for that round-the-world trip? For a loan with competitive interest rates visit our website at www.cashforyou.com

Consolidate all your cards and debts into one convenient payment. Discuss your credit limit with us today. Call 01677442319.

Looking for a mortgage? Act now! For mortgages with low deposits and flexible repayments call 0156987623.

current account
interest rate
overdraft

raise money

mortgage
deposit
repayment

consolidate
payment



I have a steady income now, which is great, and my outgoings are quite low. I don’t have any major expenses.

I’ve just opened a savings account, and I transfer money into it regularly.

I pay all my bills by direct debit, so I don’t have to worry about them. It also means I have a good credit rating, so I can borrow money if I need to.

My account is usually in credit at the beginning of the month, but by the end of the month it’s always overdrawn. I hate being in the red and the banks all charge interest on overdrafts! I try not to go over my overdraft limit, though.

I need to buy a car, but I’m not sure how I’m going to finance it.

I use online banking most of the time. I only go to the bank occasionally, to use the cash machine.

steady income
outgoings
expenses

savings account
transfer

direct debit
credit rating

in credit
overdrawn
in the red
overdraft limit

finance

online banking
cash machine


The sum of £25 has been debited from your account.
The cheque has been credited to your account.
For some reason my account been credited with an extra $76.

debit
credit


The government collects money through taxes. Income tax is the tax collected on wages and salaries. Inheritance tax is collected on money people get from people who have died. Customs (or excise) duty is paid on goods imported from other countries; airports usually have duty free shops. VAT (value added tax) is a tax paid on most goods and services. Companies pay corporation tax on their profits.
