Inexperienced managers often have problems with their staff.
It is hard to imagine two ethnically identical and adjoining societies so dissimilar
The meat had been cooked so long that it was inedible.
We’re mature enough to disagree on this issue but still respect each other.
He forgave his son’s immature behaviour.
It is easy to have an opinion on a moral issue like the death penalty for murder.
It seems highly improbable that he had no knowledge of the affair.
He’s receiving medication for an irregular heartbeat.
When it comes to money, Dan is completely irresponsible.
Works of art were lost, many of them irreplaceable.


inexperienced
dissimilar
inedible
mature
immature
moral
improbable
irregular
irresponsible
irreplaceable


I don't know what this note says - Dad's handwriting is totally illegible!
It, too, wants people to be literate and complains that its offers to help have been ignored.
His father was an illiterate farm worker.
They tied him to a tree and beat him up.
Tie this label to your suitcase.
My father is a lawyer, and he discouraged me from entering the field.
I dislike being the centre of attention.
These figures disproved Smith’s argument.
Bend your knees, but keep your back straight.
Fold the paper along the dotted line.
The statue was unveiled by the Queen.
The new policy is due to be unveiled later this month.
I took off my hat and undid my coat.

illegible
literate
illiterate
tie
discourage
dislike
disprove
bend
fold
unveil
undo


Thirteen strains were resistant to three or more antibiotics.
He dabbed the cut with antiseptic.
a player who would always sign autographs and chat with fans
Take a deep breath, then exhale slowly.
They say that local field workers now worry about being excommunicated by the Church.
Politicians have misled the public over the dangers of these chemicals.
We live in a monogamous society.
I went to the gym yesterday, but I think I overdid it a bit.
Aim to have frequent breaks before becoming overtired.
Most other Western countries are overeating, and the developing countries are fast catching up

antibiotic
antiseptic
autograph
exhale
excommunicate
mislead
monogamous
overdo
overtired
overeat


We started from scratch with no preconceived ideas.
I’ll repay you the money you lent me next week.
The McKee, with its crew of 1,515 officers and sailors, is a full-service repair ship for submarines.
Yet these tonics are underused and under-researched.
bilateral negotiations between Israel and Syria.
Chambers was discreet about the affair.
It was very indiscreet of Colin to tell them about our plan.
convincing evidence of his guilt
Some readers will find the arguments unconvincing.

preconceived
repay
submarine
underused
bilateral
discreet
indiscreet
convincing
unconvinсing


The defendant’s lawyer argued that his past offenses were irrelevant to this case.
Is being faithful the same thing as being obedient?
He is a pleasant child, but often rowdy, disobedient and rough with others.
I don't mean to sound ungrateful, but I really don't need any help.
her many years of loyal service to the company
He felt he had been disloyal to his friends.
people who are intolerant of other people’s political beliefs

irrelevant
obedient
disobedient
ungrateful
loyal
disloyal
intolerant
